OK.
Here we have the nut pie exercise notebook.
The main important note I want to show you here is for some of these questions.
Make sure you don't run the cells directly above the Example output shown otherwise that ends up writing
over the Example output.
So essentially you just have a bunch of questions like importing them pies MP creating an array of 10
zeros create an array of 10 ones create an array of ten fives and so on and notice for a lot of these.
There's an example output.
And the reason we have two cells is we want you to code in this cell and not code in this cell that
has the output directly beneath it.
Otherwise if you were to run the cell it would overwrite the output here.
So keep that in mind.
And basically it's just a bunch of questions asking you to kind of mimic the output shown as well as
an explanation of what the output being shown is.
So just keep going on and you should be able to see the correct answer as well as the task.
And for some of these where there's a random number your results value may be different than the ones
we show here.
Just because there's random values and we don't ask you to set any specific seed for these couple of
first ones.
OK and that's it.
Just go ahead and go along and do your best to answer the questions.
We'll see you at the next lecture where we actually go over the solutions.